hey guys today I'm going to be doing a
clothing haul from all the things I
picked up from my trip to Taiwan and
pretty much all of the clothing I'm
about to show you are from this clothing
market called vanpool now you could find
like pieces from anywhere between like
$3 canadian to ten so it's pretty crazy
so here it is
so this first hop here appears to be
like you know a simple black long sleeve
shirt and but when you turn it around it
has this kind of like a peekaboo color
of this blue and it has this layering
effect as if this black is like layered
on and tied with a bow this is the next
top here it's like a dark navy almost
black peplum type of top where it's
fitted near the waist and it kind of
flows out at the bottom with these nice
lace detailing and then the shoulder I
like um because it's kind of poufy this
next white top walked more like an
off-white where it has like this
see-through lace part detailing at the
front and as well at the back and the
sleeves are tightened so it kind of
gives a little bit of poop and there's
just a nice loose
top that I would pair underneath with
like a tank and something like this I
remember it was maybe around like $4 $5
this next one was probably one of my
favorite pics it's just this very simple
black top and what I loved with these
sleeves were has this interesting lace
going on it's quite detailed and this
one is um like one of the more expensive
ones but also only like 10 bucks so it
was great and sometimes at this cooling
market they'll have racks in the front
where it's just like the label like
$3.00 per top and it's usually because
they have some sort of like defect to
them and sometimes it's just very small
so for example this one I got for like
three bucks and it's just like this very
layered lacy type of shirt and the
bottom has this extra layer and I think
that defect with this was that I
remember there were some threads coming
out of it
very like my ear and then maybe like a
stain somewhere but yeah sometimes it's
like barely noticeable so I don't mind
this top here is like a topi kind of
shirt very basic it's quite thick this
one I think it was also like $3 but what
I liked was this lacy detailing at the
bottom this next item came with like a 3
for $10 deal and it's just this nice
black peasant top so it's quite loose
elbow-length sleeves and it's quite
thick so it's nice for the fall because
it's layered a few times this next top
was part of that 3 for $10 deal it's
this white top here and the fabric
itself has some nice lace details and
the sleeves are quite nice too and the
back just has this cute little ribbon
tie folk
this next top here is a white one that's
probably one of my favorites as well I
just love how simple it is and for me
the cutest part is these sleeves because
when you wear it it kind of just sits
quite nicely on your shoulders and it
has like this layered effect this next
top is another one of those that have
like a defect to them and for this is
just have like a stain in the front if
you can still see it but yeah it wasn't
a big deal so I picked it up for it was
three dollars and it's just this peachy
color peplum top
this next item was like a must pick up
for me it's this really cute light baby
blue top and it's quite long and could
almost pass as a dress and again these
shoulders are so girly it's like
fluttery and it's cute it slows this
pattern if you can see it closer Flowery
to the pattern and it's nice because
it's layered so you don't have to worry
about wearing anything underneath and
here's another one of a white top that I
picked up and again the sleeves are so
nice
as you can see closer the fabric it's
quite interesting it has like this
embossed a pyramid effect to it this I
believe would be something around like
five dollars this shirt was on like the
$3.00 rack and the poem with this I
couldn't even find the problem to begin
with but now that I look closer
um there's like a very like minor
ripping here you can see there's like
the holes here and you can't really see
it because it's like this lacy top and I
love to pare it underneath was just like
a nude tank top and it looks really
pretty with some jeans on this last one
here is this very girly top has this
peter pan collar and it's a pale pink
with very girly shoulders and the bottom
has this black detail
but yeah that's it for my haul and I
hope you enjoyed it I'll see you next
time bye Oh